WEEKLY_STATUS.md, before:

Week 10/6:
Before This: Set-ups and deciding what tools we'll use.

Kathryn Woessner: Last week, we finalized features for the base court page and updated the frame. Next Week: Features for Search Result Page and website design.

Jonathan Hu: Last week, we researched various databases that could be utilized for our project. I narrowed it between MySQL and MongoDB and ultimately decided that MongoDB would be best as a group. In the upcoming week, I plan on further researching how to use and implement MongoDB for our project.

Toan Lam: For the carousel, I plan on using React; however, this has yet to be determined officially. React manages the core functionality with a single state for the current image index. Framer Motion adds smooth, responsive transitions for sliding images and custom-easing curves. Tailwind CSS provides responsive layouts with utility classes, minimizing custom CSS. Together, React, Framer Motion, and Tailwind offer a scalable, polished UI solution with minimal effort.

Commit message:

Update WEEKLY_STATUS.md - Alex

WEEKLY_STATUS.md, after:

# Week 10/6:
![image](./Trello_Board/week10-6.png)

## Goals
This Week: Set-ups and deciding what tools we'll use.
Next Week: Finalize outline for website/page structure and read up on tools we will be using.

## Individual Updates
Kathryn Woessner: Last week, we finalized features for the base court page and updated the frame. Next Week: Features for Search Result Page and website design.

Jonathan Hu: Last week, we researched various databases that could be utilized for our project. I narrowed it between MySQL and MongoDB and ultimately decided that MongoDB would be best as a group. In the upcoming week, I plan on further researching how to use and implement MongoDB for our project.

Toan Lam: For the carousel, I plan on using React; however, this has yet to be determined officially. React manages the core functionality with a single state for the current image index. Framer Motion adds smooth, responsive transitions for sliding images and custom-easing curves. Tailwind CSS provides responsive layouts with utility classes, minimizing custom CSS. Together, React, Framer Motion, and Tailwind offer a scalable, polished UI solution with minimal effort.

Alex Chang: Last week, I researched what external data sources and APIs are available to help us build the CourtFinder app. Google Maps and OpenStreetMap provide APIs for displaying map data, as well as geocoding and extensive data on the location of basketball courts around the world. [Basketball Courts of the World](https://www.courtsoftheworld.com/) is another source of data for basketball courts, which we can scrape data from and cross check with the data from the Google Maps or OpenStreetMap API. This week, I will do more research on these APIs, and explore how I can write an API that would connect these services to our application.
